well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so we're going to talk about we're
talking about Phoenix we're gonna hit
the things that most people are talking
about in a matter of seconds
and then we're gonna get to the meat of
this issue because there's a lot of
things that people are not talking about
that they need to be talking about
okay so Phoenix PD released their fact
sheet which was really light on facts if
you were to just look at their fact
sheet there was no force used more
importantly why would we believe this
after what we saw and what was
apparently in the original reports why
would we believe anything that comes out
of that department the credibility of
that department is ruined it is gone but
let's just say for the sake of argument
that it's all true it makes things worse
not better okay so first you have to
address the fact that they made that
first stop at that point they should
have known because the first question
who's in the car so they knew there were
kids present when all of this started
that makes all of their other actions
that much more reprehensible now let's
say they did they shoplift did some
stuff let's say that happened even
though there's no charges let's just say
that happened I'm gonna pop a cap in you
over this worth it
does that make sense congratulations
Phoenix PD you have the same propensity
for violence as an addict looking for a
fix good job and you're acting as though
that might justify it it doesn't it
makes it worse
okay now to the meat of the issues
homework right now below there's a video
let's talk about a cop asking me for
training watch it and then watch the
videos of this incident again try to
count how many of the points that I
talked about that create bad shoots that
create excessive force that happened in
the video it's a textbook okay so you've
watched it alright welcome back time
distance in cover was not used and it
should have been especially with the
knowledge the kids were present made it
that much more important they didn't
they start skiing Hut stood right up to
the car there was one guy who used cover
at that point if you become in fear for
your life of a crying woman holding kids
well that's on you because you put
yourself in that situation this isn't
new stuff this has been around for more
than a decade one person gives commands
not there though not in Phoenix put your
hands up get out of the car which one
gets your shot which one are you gonna
kill her over and say well she wasn't
following her commands you give
conflicting commands and people die as
far as I'm concerned if that happens
that should be murder
this has been known long enough that
every department should be acting on
this
auditory exclusion I didn't think I
needed to cover the fact that
threatening to kill someone bust a cap
in them would be a traumatic experience
and can trigger auditory exclusion at
that point you can't say you're not
complying once you've done this once you
have put them in that state of mind
auditory exclusion as a possibility so
from that point forward it's on you it's
on you and from the video even though
the officer is saying you're not
complying it certainly appears that he
was came afraid of their own shadows
because they put themselves in a
situation they didn't need to be in they
have bought into the propaganda that
apparently a shoplifter is going to kill
them and you can hear it anybody who has
ever been in one of those situations
when they're listening to those videos
they hear it they hear panic the
inability to self help you can hear it
in the voices if you weren't that afraid
of a situation like this and you cannot
control a situation like this you're in
the wrong job you're gonna get yourself
or an innocent killed not a bad guy
that's not gonna happen it's gonna be
you an innocent your partner it's not
gonna be the person that needs to go
something that I think is definitely
being missed is the ideologically
motivated thing one of the people
standing near somebody filming you could
hear them when it started to get really
crazy you hear them hey hey hey how long
until that becomes pop pop pop when you
behave like this you turn the populace
against you your actions become an
officer safety issue you're gonna get
somebody killed you're gonna get
somebody killed when you have civilians
that are fighting not to intervene even
though they're surrounded by officers
you're out of line
that's what we call an indicator we
write the report right according to
what's coming out there was no use of
force seems like there was in the videos
none of this was in the reports because
we write the report there was no
de-escalation attempted not not on any
of the videos from any of those angles
none that's not actually covered because
it's the modern era and I didn't think
that was necessary and then there's no
body cameras used now all this is
tactical and people are saying no body
cameras are a policy issue it's also
tactical it is also a tactical issue
because when a situation like this
arises you can go back and you can look
at all of the things that went wrong and
in this case a lot of things went wrong
you cannot wash it after action it you
you can stop it from happening again
unless of course you know you don't
comply with the regulations didn't
comply
what happens to civilians when they
don't comply I don't think the people
that are demanding these officers be
fired are asking too much on to policy
use of force if that I'm not familiar
with Phoenix's use of force policy I'm
not familiar with it if this is within
it you need a change of policy you need
a change of policy period period the no
body cameras thing obviously because
that allows them to just well we write
the report there were omissions
apparently I haven't been able to see
them but according to everybody that
that's there were things that were left
out and it certainly seems that way
again we write the report right but now
your credibility is gone and then
there's one other thing that is very
important that I think's being missed
those kids when they got handed over now
personally I believe the people that
took those kids I think you're heroes
and I don't use that word lightly I
think you may have saved lives in more
ways than one at the same time it
certainly appears from the conversation
on the film that they didn't know each
other woman was so terrified that she
handed her kids over to somebody a
stranger or somebody she barely knew
didn't know what apartment she was in
I've seen that before
congratulations Phoenix PD you're on
you're on par with death squads
now if something happened to those kids
who's to blame Phoenix PD
and then there's the big issue the brass
is acting like they found out about this
via the videos if this is my department
everybody on scene every officer on
scene is gone because that means nobody
put paper on these guys nobody put paper
on the perpetrators nobody filed a
report nobody put accurate information
in the report now to me they're gone
that's what should happen if it was my
department that's what I would do
I'm not sure how you how you can get
around that because now every defense
attorney in the city is going to try to
get their names and then from that point
forward no report they write is gonna be
worth anything isn't it true that you
omitted facts in this report so how can
we trust this one
the situation was horrible and the fact
that the department is trying to justify
it over the fact that they maybe were
shoplifting
or maybe had a suspended license nobody
cares you threaten to kill a mother in
front of her kids yeah nobody cares and
this is in a department that has
systemic issues the longer this drags
out the worse it's going to be the
department needs to make its decisions
and let the chips fall where they may if
you drag this out it's just gonna get
worse your credibility is already shot
you need to make your decision on what
you're gonna do and it really should
include cutting these people a check a
big one
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night